4.4 release (redux) (#1023)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_4/entry-platforms-android-android-file-picker-support.md

---
type: entry
section: platforms
subsection: android
rank: 2
importance: 4
anchor: androidfilepicker-support
title: <span class="code-highlight basetype">AndroidFilePicker</span> support
blockquote: New functionality
text: |

>   The default file dialog is unavailable when working on Android devices. This implementation switches to the platform-native picker and brings back this missing functionality to the mobile Godot Editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can now utilize Android’s native file picker in your games and apps. This creates a more seamless experience on mobile.
```

>   The default file dialog is unavailable when working on Android devices. This implementation switches to the platform-native picker and brings back this missing functionality to the mobile Godot Editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  You can now use Android’s native file picker in your games and apps, allowing users to select files in a way they’re already familiar with. This helps create a more seamless and native-feeling experience on Android.
```
It's not integrated with Android Editor.

Reviewer: already fixed that above :)
